PMTU estimates (#168)
tlswg/dtls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-dtls13.md

  upper layer protocol MUST NOT write any record that exceeds the
  maximum record size of 2^14 bytes.

The DTLS record layer SHOULD also allow the upper layer protocol to
discover the amount of record expansion expected by the DTLS
processing; alternately it MAY report PMTU estimates minus the
estimated expansion from the transport layer and DTLS record
framing.

Note that DTLS does not defend against spoofed ICMP messages;
implementations SHOULD ignore any such messages that indicate
PMTUs below the IPv4 and IPv6 minimums of 576 and 1280 bytes
respectively

> If there is a transport protocol indication of a exceeding the PMTU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a transport protocol indication that the PMTU was exceeded
```
